Cloud Platform (#64)
OctopusDeploy/Architecture: CloudPlatform/Principles.md

Octopus Platform has been built with the following high level principles in mind.

1. Avoid single point of failure. E.g. This is why we have so many reefs in Production and also why we have more than 1 reef in each Azure region
1. Prefer specialized, reliable external service over custom solution. E.g. This is why we use Azure SQL instead of managing SQL databases ourselves

> 1. Design for gradual roll outs. E.g. Update a single reef and observe instead of updating all reefs and possibly breaking all of them. Breaking a single reef is not great but it's better than breaking the whole Octopus Cloud. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Design for gradual rollouts. E.g. Update a single reef and observe instead of updating all reefs and possibly breaking all of them. Breaking a single reef is not great but it's better than breaking the whole Octopus Cloud. 
```

> 1. Prioritize reliability over speed of development. E.g. Our customers rely on us to host for them one of the most critical parts of their infrastructure. It's better to go slower than faster and break things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prioritize reliability over the speed of development. E.g. Our customers rely on us to host for them one of the most critical parts of their infrastructure. It's better to go slower safely than to go faster and break things.
```
